<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_nsv_gb2_5z">
  <title>Quality of Content</title>
  <shortdesc>This section evaluates the content of the project in three areas: clarity, style, and acuracy.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_mnl_kb2_5z">
        <li>Successes<ul id="ul_qrn_nb2_5z">
            <li>Audience<ul id="ul_lkh_2kl_5z">
                <li>If there is anything we've learned in this class - it is to write for a
                  specified audience! Each task was oriented towards the goals of the user, and each
                  step was thoroughly detailed.</li>
              </ul></li>
            <li> Information<ul id="ul_k1t_nll_5z">
                <li>There certainly is not a lack of information within this site!  This group did a
                  great job of including many topics and pages.  Each tab had more than three pages
                  for users to choose from, and this further proves that the truly considered the
                  wide variety of people their content is tailored for.  </li>
              </ul></li>
          </ul></li>
        <li>Areas of Improvement <ul id="ul_kyy_qb2_5z">
            <li>Video<ul id="ul_fvz_kkl_5z">
                <li>The video was quite good; however, it could have used some more attention in
                  terms of its size.  On the actual page, it wasn't very big.  The only options were
                  to watch a tiny version of the video or make it full screen.  Working on sizing
                  for the video could have been executed better.</li>
              </ul></li>
            <li>Short Descriptions<ul id="ul_q2r_tkl_5z">
                <li>With the short descriptions - there weren't many.  Short descriptions are vital
                  for users to quickly find what they need.  </li>
              </ul></li>
            <li> Wordiness <ul id="ul_znz_ykl_5z">
                <li>While repetition can be a useful tool in some occasions, their use of repetition
                  eventually got slightly annoying.  For instance, on the "Group Exercise
                  Memberships" page, the phrase, "For year-round access..." appeared in every bullet
                  point.  While I was reading this, I ended up just skipping to the end of the
                  sentence to find the information I needed.</li>
              </ul></li>
            <li>Typos<ul id="ul_k5q_jll_5z">
                <li>Typos are a simple human error.  There were only a couple that we noticed, such
                  as the '/>" located at the bottom of the "Intramural Sports at Virginia Tech"
                  page.  </li>
              </ul></li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
