<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<topic id="topic_vv1_fnh_vz" xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
  xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="urn:oasis:names:tc:dita:xsd:topic.xsd">
  <title>Recommendations</title>
  <shortdesc>This section touches on the few recommendations for improvements we have for this
    group.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>As discussed within the content quality section, there are only four ways in which we would
      improve this project.</p>
    <p> First, a quick scan for typos by each of the members of their group would help ensure
      accuracy in each of their topics. Having multiple sets of eyes is an important asset when
      collaborating on projects, as each person will catch different errors making the final output
      as perfect as possible.</p>
    <p>Second, the short descriptions, as discussed before, will take less than a minute to create,
      and tie your work together so that users can know exactly which page they need to access as
      soon as they arrive at your website. It is a very simple part of the code that makes a huge
      difference to your audience. This group did very well with their clarity and accessibilty, but
      the short descriptions will only make it that much better.</p>
    <p>Third, the video was helpful but slightly difficult to access. Making it appear larger on the
      page will help users who are using the video as a guide to see what the video is describing
      without making it full screen, so that they can follow along step by step by putting the
      windows next to each other on their monitor. This is minor, but will be very crucial to some
      users.</p>
    <p>Finally, just the simple wordiness of some sections can be edited in a similar fashion as the
      typos. Having everyone in the group (thats four or five sets of eyes) read over it to decide
      what to cut out or leave in will make the outcome of the project sound much better to users,
      thus making their manual more respectable to a wider audience.</p>
    <p>The only additional recommendations we have aside from what was already addressed until the
      content quality is that an occasional image to accompany a step might be helpful rather than
      just say "click the button that says 'next'" for example. On very busy pages, an image of the
      button they are suppose to click may help with clarity, but overall we don't believe users
      will struggle too hard to follow these directions without the images.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
