<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_ql3_rqd_5z">
  <title>Summary</title>
  <shortdesc>The following summary includes an overview of the project and what looked for in this
    evaluation.</shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>This project on recreational sports was divided into the following tabs on their webhelp: <ul
        id="ul_gyw_yqd_5z">
        <li>A Welcome Section </li>
        <li>Group Exercise </li>
        <li>Personal Training </li>
        <li>Intramural Sports </li>
        <li>Employment Opportunities</li>
        <li>Other Opportunities </li>
      </ul>These tabs often included sub-sections that provided users with information on what they
      are about, what is being offered, prices, and how to pay or sign up for an activity. When
      compared to the official Virginia Tech recreational sports page, we feel the group succeeded
      in creating a webiste that was a less overwhelming than the official page and more user
      friendly. </p>
    <p>The rest of this report will evaluate the successes and areas of improvement for this project
      in the following areas: <ul id="ul_jnt_4vd_5z">
        <li><b>Usability</b>
          <ul id="ul_c2m_pvd_5z">
            <li><u>Retrievability</u> - Did the website function properly; did all the links work? </li>
            <li><u>Organization</u> - Was the website user friendly and easy to navigate? Were all
              the topics in the right place. Did the flow of information follow a logical sequence? </li>
            <li><u>Visual Effectiveness</u> - Were the visual elements helpful, appropriate, and
              consistent? </li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul><ul id="ul_gdd_2sd_5z">
        <li><b>Quality of Content</b><ul id="ul_bm5_rsd_5z">
            <li><u>Clarity</u> - Was the content easy to understand by being free of wordiness,
              ambiguity, and inconsistencies. Were the step-by-step instructions effective and easy
              to follow? </li>
            <li><u>Style</u> - Was the content free of any grammatical or stylistic errors? </li>
            <li><u>Accuracy</u> - Was the content written for its intended audience? Was the
              information accurate, current, meaningful, and informative?</li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul></p>
  </body>
</topic>
