<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_nq1_zvd_5z">
  <title>Usability </title>
  <shortdesc>This section evaluates the project based off of how easy it was to use. The following
    areas include retrivability, organization, and visual effectiveness. </shortdesc>
  <body>
    <p>
      <ul id="ul_odq_qwd_5z">
        <li><b>Successes </b><ul id="ul_bpt_rwd_5z">
            <li>All the information on the website was retrievable; there were no broken links. For
              the most part, the organization of the content was user friendly, and all the topics
              were in the right place. What was especially helpful was the side bar: it made way for
              easy navigation through sub-topics. Lastly, the overall design or theme of the website
              was attractive and not too distracting.</li>
          </ul></li>
        <li><b>Areas of Improvement</b>
          <ul id="ul_vhh_jxd_5z">
            <li>The visuals were very good in that they were appropriate, but the website could have
              benefited from more of them. Two sections where more pictures were needed are the
              "Group Classes Offered" page and "Choosing a Sport to Play." It is a very long page of
              just text, which can be straining to the user's eyes and cause them to lose motivation
              or interest. Some sections could have also greatly benefited from table elements or
              visuals, such as areas where the costs for different memberships or activities were
              mentioned. </li>
            <li>Lastly, the organization in the "Jobs for Students" section was not as logical as
              other areas of the website. For example, a marketing position listed at the top of the
              page was separated by two different marketing positions listed at the bottom of the
              page. Consider organizing sections like this by theme. For example, the jobs could
              have been grouped together by position title, such as marketing positions, instructor
              positions, supervisors, etc. Another page that could have benefited from better
              organization was the "group classes offered" page. All the different type of group
              exercises were organized in alphabetical order which is good; however, most students
              don't know exactly what they're looking for. Consider possibly organizing this section
              in themes as well, such as classes falling under Cardio, Strength, Mind &amp; Body,
              etc. </li>
          </ul></li>
      </ul>
    </p>
  </body>
</topic>
